Now ESX also offers to school methods you can use to gather with promises.
For example I'll quickly copy and paste into two promises I created offscreen and that are just normal
promises which will resolve after one and two seconds.
The first one will resolve and the second one will be rechecked that year.
So those promises if I would use promise one.
Then we would get resolved after one second and if it would use promise to then we would get nothing
.
If I specify a second argument to the function or Also the catch function then you won't get a check
that after two seconds but only built in promise object.
You also got this all method.
Now all expects to get an array and this array should list all the promises.
We kind of want to execute so promise one and two.
So we combine those promises into one single one if you want to put it like this.
Therefore I can then also call the then function on it and it is then function call here all specify
the success case and not just name the past arguments access.
You make this clear and I would lock success to the console but I'll also have my catch block here.
Bullet would catch any errors and yes it could also be of use.
A second argument and then function here before of course.
So now this catch block would log my order to the console.
What do you think will happen if I now have to run.
We get to check that after two seconds and that's extremely important.
Deeds Brewis promise theoretically is successful but wifi or function.
We combine all promises into one promise kind of.
And we wait for all those promises here to finish because technically it's still individual promises
and only if all of them are resolved.
Will the overall promise here be resolved.
So if a change is to resolve resolve and i o get run
we get an array with resolved and resolved so with the two resolved values.
But as soon as one single promise year rejects
no rissoles value will be passed.
Instead we only get the error or value or you recheck the divide.
So all promis have to resolve if only one of them rejects.
None of them will finish successfully and we will only reach to catch block or the second argument and
the then function here that's important.
Now as an alternative to prompt as all we all have promise race.
Now what could you imagine would happen if I now had run
but get resolved.
So promise race is different and all where all ways forward you last promised to finish.
Which of course in this case is this one waiting two seconds.
Re-assessed the name implies we'll wait for the first one to finish and only take the result of that
first promise in account.
So as long as the Quakers promise is resolved we also resolve this overall promise here which is why
we reach the then block here or why we print out the success message.
If the first promise won't be rejected then all this promises would be rejected so that's still the
same behavior.
They are all take into account gabber But here only the first one to finish.
Well decide what the overall resolves should be.
Whereas by all all promises are actually while combined and taking into account when looking at the
results they yield